[21821] Update Use Case: How to use eProsima DDS Record and Replay (#927)
eProsima/Fast-DDS-docs: docs/04-common/python_requirements.rst

SWIG_ is a development tool that allows connecting programs written in C/C++ with a variety of
other programming languages, among them Python.

> SWIG 4.1 is required in order to build Fast DDS Python bindings.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
SWIG version lower than 4.2 is required to build Fast DDS Python bindings.
```

.. code-block:: bash

>     sudo apt install swig4.1

Reviewer: This package does not exist for Ubuntu 22. Just add a warning that this is required for Ubuntu 24. I mean, the same command with swig4.1 for ubuntu 24.

See an example on how to create this warnings [here](https://dds-recorder.readthedocs.io/en/latest/rst/installation/windows.html)
